README.md, before:

deims-ntl-custom
================

Customizations for the NTL DEIMS migration

This is a set of custom Drupal 7.x modules.  The _ntl_ module extends the Drupal 
contributed _migrate_ module and the DEIMS custom module D6 Migrate module, which 
in itself is an extension of the Drupal contrib. _migrate_. The _ntl_ module addresses 
special customizations of the North Temperate  Lakes LTER information management system


## Instructions ##

Clone 
* `git clone --branch 7.x-1.x git@github.com:lter/deims-ntl-custom.git` 
into a place of your choice (current directory, Desktop, etc)

Or download this module from: 

* `https://github.com/lter/deims-ntl-custom/archive/7.x-1.x.zip`
Extract the contents in a local directory, you will copy the parts inside to different
places in your DEIMS install, as we explain now.

Once you have the repository locally, create a folder named _modules_ under your
DEIMS root _sites/default_ (unless you have already made it)

Under the _sites/default/modules_, create another folder named _ntl_ 

Copy the _ntl.*_ files you downloaded from github locally, into the _ntl_ 
folder you just created. Also, copy the _migration_ subfolder you downloaded from 
_github_ into the same _ntl_ folder. 

Also, we need new content types, views and DEIMS content type extensions for the 
NTL. You will find those, _featurized_, in the local github download subfolder named
_features_ .  Inside, you will see some features that start with the word _deims_ and
some that begin with the word _ntl_.  THe _deims_ are overrides of existing features,
and are located in _/profiles/deims/modules/features_, just place the content accordingly,
overwrite the existing ones with the new - DEIMS will enact the changes.  THe custom,
_ntl_ specific need to be moved too, for example, copy them in the _modules_ folder,
like this:

* `cp -r deims-ntl-custom/features/ntl_* DEIMSROOT/sites/default/modules/`


Now visit the "migrate dashboard", if needed (like, nothing seems to change), Flush the
Class Registry cache, (use the admin toolbar, or use "drush cc") and then, re-register
the migration classes using the Migrate->Configuration page (admin toolbar, or from Migrate
Dashboard).  You should be ready to try the migration!

Commit message:

Rewrites the parent DataSet migration and class to work with the NTL Person new class

README.md, after:

deims-ntl-custom
================

Customizations for the NTL DEIMS migration

This is a set of custom Drupal 7.x modules.  The _ntl_ module extends the Drupal 
contributed _migrate_ module and the DEIMS custom module D6 Migrate module, which 
in itself is an extension of the Drupal contrib. _migrate_. The _ntl_ module addresses 
special customizations of the North Temperate  Lakes LTER information management system


## Instructions ##

Clone 
* `git clone --branch 7.x-1.x git@github.com:lter/deims-ntl-custom.git` 
into a place of your choice (current directory, Desktop, etc)

Or download this module from: 

* `https://github.com/lter/deims-ntl-custom/archive/7.x-1.x.zip`
Extract the contents in a local directory, you will copy the parts inside to different
places in your DEIMS install, as we explain now.

Once you have the repository locally, create a folder named _modules_ under your
DEIMS root _sites/default_ (unless you have already made it)

Under the _sites/default/modules_, create another folder named _ntl_ 

Copy the _ntl.*_ files you downloaded from github locally, into the _ntl_ 
folder you just created. Also, copy the _migration_ subfolder you downloaded from 
_github_ into the same _ntl_ folder. One more thing: To complete the migration-related 
toolkit,  we will need to overwrite the parent DeimsContentDataSet Migration class.
Please take the file migration-core/DeimsContentDataSet.php, and use it to replace
the file with the same nane in profile/deims/modules/custom/deims_d6_migration/migration.
This will ensure the parent class calls the correct Person class and a proper
migration.  

Also, we need new content types, views and DEIMS content type extensions for the 
NTL. You will find those, _featurized_, in the local github download subfolder named
_features_ .  Inside, you will see some features that start with the word _deims_ and
some that begin with the word _ntl_.  THe _deims_ are overrides of existing features,
and are located in _/profiles/deims/modules/features_, just place the content accordingly,
overwrite the existing ones with the new - DEIMS will enact the changes.  THe custom,
_ntl_ specific need to be moved too, for example, copy them in the _modules_ folder,
like this:

* `cp -r deims-ntl-custom/features/ntl_* DEIMSROOT/sites/default/modules/`


Now visit the "migrate dashboard", if needed (like, nothing seems to change), Flush the
Class Registry cache, (use the admin toolbar, or use "drush cc") and then, re-register
the migration classes using the Migrate->Configuration page (admin toolbar, or from Migrate
Dashboard).  You should be ready to try the migration!
